Let's do a quick overview of this course.
Lesson 1 will give us a working knowledge of defense in depth.
We'll explore the NIST 800 framework
and we'll take a look at the principle of least privilege.
Lesson 2 has a lot to take in.
We'll begin with the different types of
firewalls and how to create a basic firewall rule.
We'll take a look at best practices for securing enterprise wireless,
then we'll learn about intrusion detection systems and
intrusion protection systems including writing a basic IDS signature.
We close this lesson out with a look at securing Windows and Linux operating systems.
Lesson 3 is all about detection and response.
We learn about system event logs,
monitoring network traffic, and close it out with a look at SIEMs.
In the final lesson,
we go through an introduction to encryption,
then we learn about encryption in transit,
and we close it out with file hashes and digital signatures.